Bitsight fix fields names (#12114)
demisto/content: Packs/BitSight/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

> #### Incident Fields

Reviewer: I think this is a breaking change. @amshamah419 Right?

Reviewer 2: I would think so. Looks like the mapping has changed quite a bit (even if it's just adding BitSight to the field ID)

> - **BitSight Remaining Decay** - new fields instead of **Remaining Decay** field.

Reviewer: same for all others.
```suggestion
- **Breaking changes**: The **BitSight Remaining Decay** new field was created instead of the **Remaining Decay** field.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Remaining Decay** field was created instead of the **Remaining Decay** field.
```

- **BitSight Severity Category** - new fields instead of **Severity Category** field.
- **BitSight Evidence Key** - new fields instead of **Evidence Key** field.
- **BitSight Temporary Id** - new fields instead of **Temporary Id** field.
- **BitSight Rolledup Observation Id** - new fields instead of **Rolledup Observation Id** field.
- **BitSight Comments** - new fields instead of **Comments** field.
- **BitSight Tags** - new fields instead of **Tags** field.
- **BitSight Assets** - new fields instead of **Assets** field.
- **BitSight Affects Rating** - new fields instead of **Affects Rating** field.
- **BitSight Related Findings** - new fields instead of **Related Findings** field.
- **BitSight Risk Category** - new fields instead of **Risk Category** field.
- **BitSight Risk Vector Label** - new fields instead of **Risk Vector Label** field.
- **BitSight Risk Vector** - new fields instead of **Risk Vector* field.

#### Integrations
##### BitSight for Security Performance Management
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.2.18414*

#### Layouts
##### BitSight Findings

> - Replaced all BitSight associated incident fields with their new names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - **Breaking changes**: Replaced all BitSight associated incident fields with their new names.
```

#### Mappers
##### BitSight - Incoming Mapper

> - Replaced all BitSight associated incident fields with their new names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - **Breaking changes**: Replaced all BitSight associated incident fields with their new names.
```
